sphinx/source/jupyterNotebooks.rst, before:


**********
Notebooks
**********


Day 1: Introduction and `Image Classification <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day3/Part1-2.pdf>`_, and `BRAILS <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day3/Part3.pdf>`_
=======================

.. 
    * Content:
    
    *  .. raw:: html

            Introduction to Machine Learning <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/Dt5P1pQ2WJQ" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Neural Networks and Deep Learning <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/BDK71LOn0xs" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Image Classification in Tensorflow <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/JOrtCP9Fvjk" ></iframe></p>

    * BRAILS (live)



* Conventional Machine Learning

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-1.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1fllxEh73-yhcfRskBQI-0togLFlwf6xO?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-1.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* Image Classification

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-2.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_QolEQrre_hOKPu5poQk5uQ3zW0EMskv?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-2.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* BRAILS Modules

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_1.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1zspDwK-rGA1gYcHZDnrQr_3Z27JL-ooS?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_1.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* BRAILS City Builder

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_2_3.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tG6xVRCmDyi6K8TWgoNd_31vV034VcSO?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_2_3.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>





Day 2: `Object Detection <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day2/ObjectDetection.pdf>`_
=======================

.. 
    * Content:
    
    *  .. raw:: html

            Why Use Object Detection <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/oWD5N80Vpz8" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Object Detection Algorithms <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/4Rc4qs7WQSQ" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Datasets for Object Detection <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/MZ3EAp4QHug" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            A Framework for Model Development <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="None" ></iframe></p>



* Roof Detection through Semantic Segmentation

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/notebooks/"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath="><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* Crack Segmentation

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/exercises/day2/CrackSegmentation_Pytorch.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1LlDkiEQwp-GV71DxAnwTAQyAjypIyPb6"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=exercises/day2/CrackSegmentation_Pytorch.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>





Day 3: `Neural Network Architectures <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day3/NeuralNetworkArchitectures.pdf>`_
=======================

.. 
    * Content:
    
    *  .. raw:: html

            Multi-Layer Perceptron <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/8PNMJRHAWFk" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Convolutional Neural Networks <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/oEIdAsVVhvw" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Attention Networks <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/W4uqA9rwcKk" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Transformers <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/XM9R2H_Sw_I" ></iframe></p>



* Hand-written digit classification with multi-layer perceptron

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/exercises/day3/exercise1.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/notebooks/exercises/day3/exercise1.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=exercises/day3/exercise1.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* Roof classification with Transformation Learning

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/exercises/day3/exercise2.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/notebooks/exercises/day3/exercise2.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=exercises/day3/exercise2.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>

Commit message:

cmp - add intro to notebook page

sphinx/source/jupyterNotebooks.rst, after:

**********
Notebooks
**********

The notebooks used for the exercises can be accessed from the links below.

The first link for each notebook will take you to it's location in the Github source repository.
This can be used to download an exercise for running locally, viewing its code, and in some cases its results.
However, notebooks cannot be run direcly from Github.

The next link will open the notebook on Google's Colab service. This requires a Google account.

The final link will open the notebook on Binder. No registration is required, but performance may not be high as Colab.


Day 1: Introduction and `Image Classification <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day3/Part1-2.pdf>`_, and `BRAILS <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day3/Part3.pdf>`_
=======================

.. 
    * Content:
    
    *  .. raw:: html

            Introduction to Machine Learning <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/Dt5P1pQ2WJQ" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Neural Networks and Deep Learning <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/BDK71LOn0xs" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Image Classification in Tensorflow <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/JOrtCP9Fvjk" ></iframe></p>

    * BRAILS (live)



* Conventional Machine Learning

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-1.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1fllxEh73-yhcfRskBQI-0togLFlwf6xO?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-1.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* Image Classification

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-2.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_QolEQrre_hOKPu5poQk5uQ3zW0EMskv?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-2.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* BRAILS Modules

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_1.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1zspDwK-rGA1gYcHZDnrQr_3Z27JL-ooS?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_1.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* BRAILS City Builder

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_2_3.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tG6xVRCmDyi6K8TWgoNd_31vV034VcSO?usp=sharing"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=notebooks/day1/Part-3-BRAILS_demo_2_3.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>





Day 2: `Object Detection <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day2/ObjectDetection.pdf>`_
=======================

.. 
    * Content:
    
    *  .. raw:: html

            Why Use Object Detection <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/oWD5N80Vpz8" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Object Detection Algorithms <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/4Rc4qs7WQSQ" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Datasets for Object Detection <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/MZ3EAp4QHug" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            A Framework for Model Development <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="None" ></iframe></p>



* Roof Detection through Semantic Segmentation

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/notebooks/"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath="><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* Crack Segmentation

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/exercises/day2/CrackSegmentation_Pytorch.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1LlDkiEQwp-GV71DxAnwTAQyAjypIyPb6"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=exercises/day2/CrackSegmentation_Pytorch.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>





Day 3: `Neural Network Architectures <https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/presentations/day3/NeuralNetworkArchitectures.pdf>`_
=======================

.. 
    * Content:
    
    *  .. raw:: html

            Multi-Layer Perceptron <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/8PNMJRHAWFk" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Convolutional Neural Networks <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/oEIdAsVVhvw" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Attention Networks <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/W4uqA9rwcKk" ></iframe></p>


    *  .. raw:: html

            Transformers <p><iframe width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen src="https://youtube.com/embed/XM9R2H_Sw_I" ></iframe></p>



* Hand-written digit classification with multi-layer perceptron

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/exercises/day3/exercise1.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/notebooks/exercises/day3/exercise1.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=exercises/day3/exercise1.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>



* Roof classification with Transformation Learning

  .. raw:: html

     <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/tree/master/exercises/day3/exercise2.ipynb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021?label=Fork&style=social" alt="Open in Github"/></a></li><li><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/blob/master/notebooks/exercises/day3/exercise2.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open in Colab"/></a></li><li><a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NHERI-SimCenter/SimCenterAI_Workshop2021/HEAD?filepath=exercises/day3/exercise2.ipynb"><img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" alt="Open in Binder"/></a></li></ul>
